about.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: About Alex Kluew
categories: []
tags: []
status: publish
type: page
published: true
meta: {}
dateModified: 2018-08-08 13:41:25
---

# Hello friend!

Welcome to my little corner of the Internet. This place is my collection of things that I wanted to share. It is my own long-term social experiment. As all things go on the internet, unless mentioned otherwise, content that you may find here is not affiliated with my work or employer.

## Quick about me:

- Software Engineer, <a href="http://peo.on.ca/index.php?ci_id=2064&la_id=1" title="The Engineering Intern (EIT) Program">EIT</a>
- live and work in beautiful [Toronto, Canada](https://www.toronto.ca/)
- work for 🇨🇦 on contract
- hold two complementary undergraduate degrees awarded from [University of Ottawa](https://www.uottawa.ca/en):
  - [BASc in Software Engineering](https://www.uottawa.ca/academic/info/regist/1516/calendars/programs/1459.html)
  - [Honours BSc in Psychology](https://socialsciences.uottawa.ca/programs/undergraduate-course-sequences/honours-bsc-psychology)
- _open to new opportunities in Toronto or remote_ <a href="mailto:info@getaclue.me?subject=Available%20Opportunity%20in%20Toronto%20or%20remote" title="hire me">hire me</a>
- life-long interest in software engineering discipline
- [resume](https://getaclue.github.io/files/Alex_Kluew_Resume_2017.pdf)

## Long about me:

Hello, friend. Alex here. I am a software engineering graduate living in Toronto, Canada. I graduated magna cum laude from [University of Ottawa](https://www.uottawa.ca/en). I mention this because it means a lot to me. I was afraid of the challenges that come with completing an engineering degree curriculum. It took a lot of effort and hard work.

I am interested in all aspects of the software engineering discipline. To prove my dedication beyond obtaining an accredited software engineering degree, I am in the process of obtaining my [professional engineering (P.Eng) license](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Regulation_and_licensure_in_engineering#Canada_2). I am currently in the <a href="http://peo.on.ca/index.php?ci_id=2064&la_id=1" title="The Engineering Intern (EIT) Program">EIT</a> stage. As it is illegal in Canada to call yourself a Software Engineer without an engineering license, hopefully this shines some light on any confusion around my _Software Engineer, <a href="http://peo.on.ca/index.php?ci_id=2064&la_id=1" title="The Engineering Intern (EIT) Program">EIT</a>_ title.

My career path has not been so straightforward. You can check out my [resume](https://getaclue.github.io/files/Alex_Kluew_Resume_2017.pdf) to see my adventures. The common denominator along all my various career paths has been people. I enjoy helping people and businesses solve their problems. I strive to leave whatever I work on in a better state than I found it. My life's goal is to be helpful to people by being great at creating and maintaining usable software.

## Other interests

As you know, I also have a degree in Psychology. I went into the degree without any interest and with the single goal of applying to medical schools. I stayed to learn about people. My honours thesis was _"An fMRI investigation of working memory in chemotherapy-treated breast cancer patients"_. I was interested in Neuroscience and was given an opportunity to work with [fMRI](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Functional_magnetic_resonance_imaging).

I enjoy knowledge for its own sake. I explore other disciplines to understand our ever-changing world. Also, I use such opportunity in attempts to connect different disciplines to software. The future of software lies in cross-disciplinary solutions.

I am also interested in business and entrepreneurship. Here is a video of my adventures during the <a href="https://www.ontario.ca/business-and-economy/start-summer-company-students">Ontario Summer Company 2014 Entrepreneurial Grant</a>:

[![Ontario Summer Company 2014 Entrepreneurial Grant](https://cdn-pro.dprcdn.net/files/acc_603419/mlgG8)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UkWgyN8AKXo 'Ontario Summer Company 2014 Entrepreneurial Grant')

### Recruiter?

Thank you for stumbling upon me and reading this far. If I am looking for a job, then the following information may be useful for you. If I am not, then this is purely here for documentation.

#### What should you know about me?

- I like to work
- I don't like to waste time (yours or mine)
- I prefer to ask why not instead of why
- I chose the software engineering profession for a reason
- I like to think about software from the initial idea all the way to maintenance stage (or "end" if you like) [psych training surely complements engineering here]

#### Why should you hire me?

- I am reliable and honest
- I listen to feedback and improve based on comments
- I learn quickly
- I care

#### What am I good at?

- I will find a solution for whatever problem that is at hand or die trying
- I want everyone to succeed, thus I will provide honest advice
- I like performing under stress

#### What am I bad at?

- sometimes my solutions are complex
- sometimes I struggle communicating complex ideas in easy to understand and digest words (one of the reasons behind this website 🤪)

#### What can I do for you?

- Give me 3 months and some tasks and see where this leads us
- I promise to give my best shot
- If it does not work out, no hard feelings

<div style="width: 100%; float: left; margin-top: 20px">
  <hr />

  <form id="contactform" method="POST" action="https://formspree.io/info@getaclue.me">
    <p><b>Email Address</b></p>
    <input type="email" name="_replyto" placeholder="Your email address">

    <p><b>Message</b></p>
    <textarea placeholder="Your message" name="message"></textarea>
    <input type="hidden" name="_subject" value="New message from getaclue.me" />
    <br />
    <input type="submit" value="Submit">

  </form>
</div>

<style type="text/css">
  #contactform {
    padding-top: 30px;
  }

  #contactform input[type="email"] {
    width: calc(100% - 20px);
    height: 30px;
    font-size: 16px;
    padding: 10px;
    margin-bottom: 10px;
  }
  #contactform textarea {
    width: calc(100% - 30px);
    height: 100px;
    font-size: 16px;
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
    background-color: #fafafa;
    padding: 15px;
    resize: vertical;
  }
  #contactform input[type="submit"] {
    display: inline-block;
    width: 127px;
    height: 42px;
    background-color: #272727;
    color: white;
    font-weight: 600;
    font-style: normal;
    font-size: 14px;
    border: none;
    margin-top: 10px;
    cursor: pointer;
  }
  #leftCol {
    margin-bottom: 40px;
    margin-right: 30px;
    width: 100%;
    text-align: center;
    height: 700px;
  }
  @media screen and (min-width: 800px) {
    #leftCol {
        width: 40%;
        float: left;
      }
    }
  }
  @media screen and (min-width: 800px) {
    #rightCol {
      width: 55%;
      float: right;
    }
  }
  }
</style>

Commit message:

update about and projects page; add keyframes

about.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: About Alex Kluew
categories: []
tags: []
status: publish
type: page
published: true
meta: {}
dateModified: 2018-08-21 15:58:31
---

# Hello friend!

Welcome to my little corner of the Internet. This place is my collection of things that I wanted to share. It is my own long-term social experiment. As all things go on the internet, unless mentioned otherwise, content that you may find here is not affiliated with my work or employer.

## Quick about me:

- Software Engineer, <a href="http://peo.on.ca/index.php?ci_id=2064&la_id=1" title="The Engineering Intern (EIT) Program">EIT</a>
- live and work in beautiful [Toronto, Canada](https://www.toronto.ca/)
- work for 🇨🇦 on contract
- hold two complementary undergraduate degrees awarded from [University of Ottawa](https://www.uottawa.ca/en):
  - [BASc in Software Engineering](https://www.uottawa.ca/academic/info/regist/1516/calendars/programs/1459.html)
  - [Honours BSc in Psychology](https://socialsciences.uottawa.ca/programs/undergraduate-course-sequences/honours-bsc-psychology)
- _open to new opportunities in Toronto or remote_ <a href="mailto:info@getaclue.me?subject=Available%20Opportunity%20in%20Toronto%20or%20remote" title="hire me">hire me</a>
- life-long interest in software engineering discipline
- [resume](https://getaclue.github.io/files/Alex_Kluew_Resume_2017.pdf)

## Technology I am familiar with:

I am always learning and experimenting on my own time. My computer science foundation, coupled with software engineering training, allows me to jump into any code base and any language.

- computer science foundation using Java and C
- familiar with Ruby (Ruby on Rails, Sinatra)
- familiar with Javascript (React, React Native, Ember, ES2016, ES2017, and ES2018)
  - familiar with jQuery [but I prefer to use Javascript](http://youmightnotneedjquery.com/) nowadays
- familiar with HTML
- familiar with CSS/SASS/Less
- familiar with multi-language and accessibility compliance
- familiar with cross-platform development
- familiar with cross-browser development
- familiar with continuous deployment (codeship, travis, jenkins)
- familiar in \*nix environments
- competent in Swift
  - able to work with Objective-C
- new in iOS development (since November 2017)
- new in OS X development (since April 2018)

I am open to learning new technology.

## Long about me:

Hello, friend. Alex here. I am a software engineering graduate living in Toronto, Canada. I graduated magna cum laude from [University of Ottawa](https://www.uottawa.ca/en). I mention this because it means a lot to me. I was afraid of the challenges that come with completing an engineering degree curriculum. It took a lot of effort and hard work.

I am interested in all aspects of the software engineering discipline. To prove my dedication beyond obtaining an accredited software engineering degree, I am in the process of obtaining my [professional engineering (P.Eng) license](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Regulation_and_licensure_in_engineering#Canada_2). I am currently in the <a href="http://peo.on.ca/index.php?ci_id=2064&la_id=1" title="The Engineering Intern (EIT) Program">EIT</a> stage. As it is illegal in Canada to call yourself a Software Engineer without an engineering license, hopefully this shines some light on any confusion around my _Software Engineer, <a href="http://peo.on.ca/index.php?ci_id=2064&la_id=1" title="The Engineering Intern (EIT) Program">EIT</a>_ title.

My career path has not been so straightforward. You can check out my [resume](https://getaclue.github.io/files/Alex_Kluew_Resume_2017.pdf) to see my adventures. The common denominator along all my various career paths has been people. I enjoy helping people and businesses solve their problems. I strive to leave whatever I work on in a better state than I found it. My life's goal is to be helpful to people by being great at creating and maintaining usable software.

## Other interests

As you know, I also have a degree in Psychology. I went into the degree without any interest and with the single goal of applying to medical schools. I stayed to learn about people. My honours thesis was _"An fMRI investigation of working memory in chemotherapy-treated breast cancer patients"_. I was interested in Neuroscience and was given an opportunity to work with [fMRI](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Functional_magnetic_resonance_imaging).

I enjoy knowledge for its own sake. I explore other disciplines to understand our ever-changing world. Also, I use such opportunity in attempts to connect different disciplines to software. The future of software lies in cross-disciplinary solutions.

I am also interested in business and entrepreneurship. Here is a video of my adventures during the <a href="https://www.ontario.ca/business-and-economy/start-summer-company-students">Ontario Summer Company 2014 Entrepreneurial Grant</a>:

[![Ontario Summer Company 2014 Entrepreneurial Grant](https://cdn-pro.dprcdn.net/files/acc_603419/mlgG8){:width="60%"}](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UkWgyN8AKXo 'Ontario Summer Company 2014 Entrepreneurial Grant')

### Recruiter?

Thank you for stumbling upon me and reading this far. If I am looking for a job, then the following information may be useful for you. If I am not, then this is purely here for documentation.

#### What should you know about me?

- I like to work
- I don't like to waste time (yours or mine)
- I prefer to ask why not instead of why
- I chose the software engineering profession for a reason
- I like to think about software from the initial idea all the way to maintenance stage (or "end" if you like) [psych training surely complements engineering here]

#### Why should you hire me?

- I am reliable and honest
- I listen to feedback and improve based on comments
- I learn quickly
- I care

#### What am I good at?

- I will find a solution for whatever problem that is at hand or die trying
- I want everyone to succeed, thus I will provide honest advice
- I like performing under stress

#### What am I bad at?

- sometimes my solutions are complex
- sometimes I struggle communicating complex ideas in easy to understand and digest words (one of the reasons behind this website 🤪)

#### What can I do for you?

- Give me 3 months and some tasks and see where this leads us
- I promise to give my best shot
- If it does not work out, no hard feelings

<div style="width: 100%; float: left; margin-top: 20px">
  <hr />

  <form id="contactform" method="POST" action="https://formspree.io/info@getaclue.me">
    <p><b>Email Address</b></p>
    <input type="email" name="_replyto" placeholder="Your email address">

    <p><b>Message</b></p>
    <textarea placeholder="Your message" name="message"></textarea>
    <input type="hidden" name="_subject" value="New message from getaclue.me" />
    <br />
    <input type="submit" value="Submit">

  </form>
</div>

<style type="text/css">
  #contactform {
    padding-top: 30px;
  }

  #contactform input[type="email"] {
    width: calc(100% - 20px);
    height: 30px;
    font-size: 16px;
    padding: 10px;
    margin-bottom: 10px;
  }
  #contactform textarea {
    width: calc(100% - 30px);
    height: 100px;
    font-size: 16px;
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
    background-color: #fafafa;
    padding: 15px;
    resize: vertical;
  }
  #contactform input[type="submit"] {
    display: inline-block;
    width: 127px;
    height: 42px;
    background-color: #272727;
    color: white;
    font-weight: 600;
    font-style: normal;
    font-size: 14px;
    border: none;
    margin-top: 10px;
    cursor: pointer;
  }
  #leftCol {
    margin-bottom: 40px;
    margin-right: 30px;
    width: 100%;
    text-align: center;
    height: 700px;
  }
  @media screen and (min-width: 800px) {
    #leftCol {
        width: 40%;
        float: left;
      }
    }
  }
  @media screen and (min-width: 800px) {
    #rightCol {
      width: 55%;
      float: right;
    }
  }
  }
</style>
