projects.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: Projects
categories: []
tags: []
status: publish
type: page
published: true
meta: {}
dateModified: 2018-08-21 15:58:31
---

# Internet Offerings

Here are some projects that I have been involved in. This page is a work in progress.

## Keyframes (July 2018 - present)

- a Remote Team Contributor
- [Homepage](https://keyframes.net)

  ![Keyframes mainpage]({{"/assets/projects/keyframes/keyframes-aug-2018.png" | relative_url}})

- Work done:
  - on OS X companion app using _Swift_ ([Snapper](https://keyframes.net/snapper))
    - Added fastlane to compile & archive OS X application
    - Followed Apple's Human Interface Guidelines
    - Implemented log in and log out behavior
    - Implemented still image screenshot behavior (piggyback on built in OS X `screencapture` tool)
    - Implemented still image screenshot upload dialogue from requirements
      - allows user to add a text description
      - allows user to add tags
  - on backend using _Ruby_ (Ruby on Rails)
    - Added rspec and wrote basic initial tests
    - Stripe MVP spike & research

## Screenhole (April 2018 - present)

- a Remote Team Contributor
- [Homepage](https://screenhole.net/)

  ![Screenhole mainpage]({{"/assets/projects/screenhole/screenhole-may-2018.png" | relative_url}})

- Work done:
  - on OS X companion app using _Swift_ ([Screenhole](https://screenhole.net/apps))
    - Added fastlane to compile & archive OS X application
    - Followed Apple's Human Interface Guidelines
    - Implemented log in and log out behavior
    - Implemented still image screenshot behavior (piggyback on built in OS X `screencapture` tool)
    - Implemented video recording behavior MVP
      - allows users to select an area to record
      - record 0-10 seconds (with auto stop at 10 seconds)
      - mp4 format
      - upload to backend/AWS S3
  - on backend using _Ruby_ (Ruby on Rails)
    - Added and wrote tests
    - Connected to Codeship for CI
    - Added ActionCable Authentication and Authorization
  - on frontend using _React_
    - Added ActionCable Authentication and Authorization
    - Fixed misc UI bugs
    - Added video type MVP
  - Connected OS X/backend/frontend
    - to account for a still image with a description
    - to account for videos

## Betalist (January 2018 - present)

- a Remote Team Contributor
- currenly on hiatus until September
- [Homepage](https://betalist.com/)

  ![Betalist mainpage]({{"/assets/projects/betalist/betalist-may-2018.png" | relative_url}})

- Work done:
  - on backend using _Ruby_ (Ruby on Rails)
    - Fixed migrations dating from 2012 to 2018
    - Added a new background mailer
    - Wrote tests
    - Went over all of the existing tests and fixed most issues

## pttrns (November 2017 - August 2018)

- a Remote Team Project
- [Homepage](https://pttrns.com/)

  ![Pttrns mainpage]({{"/assets/projects/pttrns/pttrns-may-2018.png" | relative_url}})

- Work done:
  - helped during the transition of owners
  - misc business suggestions and improvements
  - suggested Telegram group creation for members (currently at 420 members)
  - on backend using _Ruby/jRuby_ (Sinatra)
    - Improved meaningful error reporting
    - Found and fixed issue that allowed users to bypass authorization and obtain paid content for free
    - Misc debugging and improvements
  - on frontend using _Javascript/HTML/CSS_
    - Misc UI work
    - added iPhone X overlay

## Daily Vibes (November 2017 - present)

- Solo Developer
- [Kickstarter campaign](https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/471588901/daily-vibes)
- [ProductHunt upcoming](https://www.producthunt.com/upcoming/daily-vibes/)
- [Backstory](https://gist.github.com/getaclue/f1a3b6be4bf5a25d931a0b0bc6099885)

![Daily Vibes Kickstarter Campaign]({{"/assets/projects/daily-vibes/dailyvibes-kickstarter-jan-2018.png" | relative_url}})
![Daily Vibes Product Hunt Upcoming]({{"/assets/projects/daily-vibes/dailyvibes-ph-jan-2018.png" | relative_url}})

## Elderoost (July 2017 - present)

- Solo Developer
- [Homepage](https://elderoost.com)

![Elderoost.com]({{"/assets/projects/elderoost/elderoost-jan-2018.png" | relative_url}})
![Elderoost.com sample page](https://cdn-pro.dprcdn.net/files/acc_603419/HF7VLE)

## iwillreviewyourcode.com (October 2017 - December 2017) (currently on pause)

- [Homepage](https://iwillreviewyourcode.com)

- Solo Developer
  ![iwillreviewyourcode.com]({{"/assets/projects/iwillreviewyourcode/iwillreviewyourcode-jan-2018.png" | relative_url}})
  ![iwillreviewyourcode.com overview](https://cdn-pro.dprcdn.net/files/acc_603419/Xitn2i)

## Youtube Videos (August 2015 - present)

- [Youtube channel](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCJkHRtROA1RHjaQn_wBMocQ)

![lauraandalex vlogs youtube channel]({{"/assets/projects/youtube/youtube-main-jan-2018.png" | relative_url}})

## Scheduling App (Fall 2016 - May 2017)

A scheduling application for local businesses. Capstone project.

- Team Project
- Primary Technology Used:
  - Ember.js
  - Ruby on Rails
  - PostgreSQL
  - Heroku
  - Redis
  - Sidekiq
  - Surge.sh
  - Travis CI
  - Mobile First

## Startup Weekend (Winter 2017)

A website for a [local startup weekend event](https://www.facebook.com/events/1270558846372280/). Winter 2017 edition.

- Team Project
- [Code](https://github.com/sesa-uottawa/startup-weekend-website/tree/master/W2017)

## Hive (Fall 2016)

A linkedin like application for local businesses.

- Solo Developer
- Primary Technology Used:
  - Ember.js
  - Ruby on Rails
  - PostgreSQL
  - Travis CI
  - Heroku

## Startup Weekend (Fall 2016)

A website for a [local startup weekend event](https://www.facebook.com/events/1358385600849660/). Fall 2016 edition.

- Team Project
- [Code](https://github.com/sesa-uottawa/startup-weekend-website/tree/master/F2016)

## uOttawa SESA (Winter 2016 - Spring 2017)

- Team Project
- [Homepage](https://uottawa-sesa.ca/)
- [Code](https://github.com/sesa-uottawa/uottawasesa)

![uOttawa SESA]({{"/assets/projects/uottawa-sesa/uottawa-sesa-jan-2018.png" | relative_url}})

## Jekyll Theme (Summer 2015)

I was extremely excited to see the Google's Material Design Lite library that I decided to play with it. I ended up making a theme for the Jekyll blog platform.

- Solo Developer
- [Homepage](https://getaclue.github.io/mdl-jekyll/)
- [Code](https://github.com/getaclue/mdl-jekyll)

## First web app (Fall 2014)

This was my first project built using Ruby on Rails and hosted on Heroku.

- Solo Developer
- [Homepage](https://getaclue-evtbckwl.herokuapp.com/)
- [Code](https://github.com/getaclue/survey_app)

## E-commerce (Fall 2012 - Fall 2013)

- Primary Technology Used:
  - Wordpress
  - Mootools
  - MySQL
  - php

Commit message:

Added October 06 08 2018 Posts; added simple-page layout; added lazytitlemaker

projects.md, after:

---
layout: simple-page
title: Projects
categories: []
tags: []
status: publish
type: page
published: true
meta: {}
dateModified: 2018-10-08 14:23:57
datePublished: 2018-08-21 15:58:31
---

# Internet Offerings

As I continue to work on projects, I will try to maintain an ongoing record of my work. I'm always happy to chat about my work. It is listed in no particular order at this moment. Thus, this page itself is a work in progress.

So, here are some projects that I have been involved in.

## Keyframes (July 2018 - August 2018)

- a Remote Team Contributor
- [Homepage](https://keyframes.net)
- involvement is on pause until needed

  ![Keyframes mainpage]({{"/assets/projects/keyframes/keyframes-aug-2018.png" | relative_url}}){:style="max-width:100%"}

- Work done:
  - on OS X companion app using _Swift_ ([Snapper](https://keyframes.net/snapper))
    - Added fastlane to compile & archive OS X application
    - Followed Apple's Human Interface Guidelines
    - Implemented log in and log out behavior
    - Implemented still image screenshot behavior (piggyback on built in OS X `screencapture` tool)
    - Implemented still image screenshot upload dialogue from requirements
      - allows user to add a text description
      - allows user to add tags
  - on backend using _Ruby_ (Ruby on Rails)
    - Added rspec and wrote basic initial tests
    - Stripe MVP spike & research

## Screenhole (April 2018 - August 2018)

- a Remote Team Contributor
- [Homepage](https://screenhole.net/)
- involvement is on pause until needed

  ![Screenhole mainpage]({{"/assets/projects/screenhole/screenhole-may-2018.png" | relative_url}}){:style="max-width:100%"}

- Work done:
  - on OS X companion app using _Swift_ ([Screenhole](https://screenhole.net/apps))
    - Added fastlane to compile & archive OS X application
    - Followed Apple's Human Interface Guidelines
    - Implemented log in and log out behavior
    - Implemented still image screenshot behavior (piggyback on built in OS X `screencapture` tool)
    - Implemented video recording behavior MVP
      - allows users to select an area to record
      - record 0-10 seconds (with auto stop at 10 seconds)
      - mp4 format
      - upload to backend/AWS S3
  - on backend using _Ruby_ (Ruby on Rails)
    - Added and wrote tests
    - Connected to Codeship for CI
    - Added ActionCable Authentication and Authorization
  - on frontend using _React_
    - Added ActionCable Authentication and Authorization
    - Fixed misc UI bugs
    - Added video type MVP
  - Connected OS X/backend/frontend
    - to account for a still image with a description
    - to account for videos

## Betalist (January 2018 - present)

- a Remote Team Contributor
- currenly on hiatus until September
- [Homepage](https://betalist.com/)

  ![Betalist mainpage]({{"/assets/projects/betalist/betalist-may-2018.png" | relative_url}}){:style="max-width:100%"}

- Work done:
  - on backend using _Ruby_ (Ruby on Rails)
    - Fixed migrations dating from 2012 to 2018
    - Added a new background mailer
    - Wrote tests
    - Went over all of the existing tests and fixed most issues

## pttrns (November 2017 - August 2018)

- a Remote Team Project
- [Homepage](https://pttrns.com/)

  ![Pttrns mainpage]({{"/assets/projects/pttrns/pttrns-may-2018.png" | relative_url}}){:style="max-width:100%"}

- Work done:
  - helped during the transition of owners
  - misc business suggestions and improvements
  - suggested Telegram group creation for members (currently at 420 members)
  - on backend using _Ruby/jRuby_ (Sinatra)
    - Improved meaningful error reporting
    - Found and fixed issue that allowed users to bypass authorization and obtain paid content for free
    - Misc debugging and improvements
  - on frontend using _Javascript/HTML/CSS_
    - Misc UI work
    - added iPhone X overlay

## Daily Vibes (November 2017 - present)

- Solo Developer
- [Kickstarter campaign](https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/471588901/daily-vibes)
- [ProductHunt upcoming](https://www.producthunt.com/upcoming/daily-vibes/)
- [Backstory](https://gist.github.com/getaclue/f1a3b6be4bf5a25d931a0b0bc6099885)

![Daily Vibes Kickstarter Campaign]({{"/assets/projects/daily-vibes/dailyvibes-kickstarter-jan-2018.png" | relative_url}}){:style="max-width:100%"}
![Daily Vibes Product Hunt Upcoming]({{"/assets/projects/daily-vibes/dailyvibes-ph-jan-2018.png" | relative_url}}){:style="max-width:100%"}

## Elderoost (July 2017 - present)

- Solo Developer
- [Homepage](https://elderoost.com)

![Elderoost.com]({{"/assets/projects/elderoost/elderoost-jan-2018.png" | relative_url}}){:style="max-width:100%"}
![Elderoost.com sample page](https://cdn-pro.dprcdn.net/files/acc_603419/HF7VLE){:style="max-width:100%"}

## iwillreviewyourcode.com (October 2017 - December 2017) (currently on pause)

- [Homepage](https://iwillreviewyourcode.com)

- Solo Developer

  ![iwillreviewyourcode.com]({{"/assets/projects/iwillreviewyourcode/iwillreviewyourcode-jan-2018.png" | relative_url}}){:style="max-width:100%"}
  ![iwillreviewyourcode.com overview](https://cdn-pro.dprcdn.net/files/acc_603419/Xitn2i){:style="max-width:100%"}

## Youtube Videos (August 2015 - present)

- [Youtube channel](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCJkHRtROA1RHjaQn_wBMocQ)

![lauraandalex vlogs youtube channel]({{"/assets/projects/youtube/youtube-main-jan-2018.png" | relative_url}}){:style="max-width:100%"}

## Scheduling App (Fall 2016 - May 2017)

A scheduling application for local businesses. Capstone project.

- Team Project
- Primary Technology Used:
  - Ember.js
  - Ruby on Rails
  - PostgreSQL
  - Heroku
  - Redis
  - Sidekiq
  - Surge.sh
  - Travis CI
  - Mobile First

## Startup Weekend (Winter 2017)

A website for a [local startup weekend event](https://www.facebook.com/events/1270558846372280/). Winter 2017 edition.

- Team Project
- [Code](https://github.com/sesa-uottawa/startup-weekend-website/tree/master/W2017)

## Hive (Fall 2016)

A linkedin like application for local businesses.

- Solo Developer
- Primary Technology Used:
  - Ember.js
  - Ruby on Rails
  - PostgreSQL
  - Travis CI
  - Heroku

## Startup Weekend (Fall 2016)

A website for a [local startup weekend event](https://www.facebook.com/events/1358385600849660/). Fall 2016 edition.

- Team Project
- [Code](https://github.com/sesa-uottawa/startup-weekend-website/tree/master/F2016)

## uOttawa SESA (Winter 2016 - Spring 2017)

- Team Project
- [Homepage](https://uottawa-sesa.ca/)
- [Code](https://github.com/sesa-uottawa/uottawasesa)

![uOttawa SESA]({{"/assets/projects/uottawa-sesa/uottawa-sesa-jan-2018.png" | relative_url}}){:style="max-width:100%"}

## Jekyll Theme (Summer 2015)

I was extremely excited to see the Google's Material Design Lite library that I decided to play with it. I ended up making a theme for the Jekyll blog platform.

- Solo Developer
- [Homepage](https://getaclue.github.io/mdl-jekyll/)
- [Code](https://github.com/getaclue/mdl-jekyll)

## First web app (Fall 2014)

This was my first project built using Ruby on Rails and hosted on Heroku.

- Solo Developer
- [Homepage](https://getaclue-evtbckwl.herokuapp.com/)
- [Code](https://github.com/getaclue/survey_app)

## E-commerce (Fall 2012 - Fall 2013)

- Primary Technology Used:
  - Wordpress
  - Mootools
  - MySQL
  - php
