---
layout: post
title: 'Updates'
categories: []
tags: []
status: publish
type: post
published: true
meta: {}
image: ''
excerpt: 'Some updates since last post on December 2018'
dateCreated: 2020-03-02 06:35:36
datePublished: 2020-03-02 06:35:36
dateModified: 2020-03-02 06:35:36
---

### Some updates since last post on December 2018

- not using [fastmail] -- I currently paused on using fastmail for a more affordable [namecheap email] alternative. It works just fine for now.
- Took a pause -- last year was intense and required me to take a pause. I had a lot of personal issues last year that took time away from all of my previously enjoyed side projects. Thus, I had to put most of them on pause. Taking a pause really threw a wrench in my motivation and my previous velocity.
- Elderoost - also happens that someone purchased elderoost.com as I paused on the project. Very weird; oh well. All of the data and the actual project is offline. The project currently is currently on pause as I learn django. Goal is to re-write the project using Python.
- Daily Vibes - I did not repay my Apple's developer fee so my project is not available from the Apple store any longer. I can show you the project in person if you like. Project is on pause for now. I still have ideas on returning to the project however. I am considering a re-write for version 2 -- I will probably pay for the developer fees only as I get closer to production. Been thinking of rewriting in React Native or something cross-platform.
- daily 15 minutes of reading
- daily 30 minutes of software
- being deliberate about daily practice
- building better habbits

### Attacking weaknesses

For me, the best way to attack my weaknesses is to, first, identify them. Sometimes this takes a lot of effort because you need to be systematic about your days. Best way to record and identify this is to use a diary or a journal. I am currently attacking my two weaknesses that I want to be more productive in :

1. regular software / programming and
2. regular reading.

I am reading for at least 15 minutes per day. I am doing a 30 minutes a day programming activity. At this moment, I am learning python language and django framework. I hope to move on to 30 minutes a day of regular programming. I will then move on to the competitive programming to get ready for interviews. However, I am hoping to acquire new skills such that I would be ready for future interviews on a shorter schedule. Current timeline, goal is to be ready for summer.

Some recent excerpts from the Flow Book :

> Without the goal and the challenges usually provided by a job, only a rare self-discipline can keep the mind focused intensely enough to insure a meaningful life.

> When spending time at home with the fam­ily or alone, people often lack a clear purpose, do not know how well they are doing, are distracted, feel that their skills are underutilized, and as a result feel bored or-more rarely anxious.

> In our ESM studies we find that even physical health is better when a person focuses on a goal. On weekends, when alone, and with nothing to do, people report more symptoms of illness.

> In other words, each of the flow-producing activities requires an initial investment of attention before it begins to be enjoyable.

> When productive activities become too routine and meaningless, leisure will pick up the slack. It will take up progressively more time, and rely on in­creasingly more elaborate artificial stimulation.

[fastmail]: https://www.fastmail.com
[namecheap email]: https://privateemail.com
